docs(authorization): update OIDC implementation guide (#481)
flatcar/flatcar-website: content/docs/latest/nebraska/authorization/_index.md

- Run `Keycloak` locally in dev mode using docker:

  ```sh
  docker run -d --name keycloak \
    -p 127.0.0.1:8080:8080 \
    -e KC_BOOTSTRAP_ADMIN_USERNAME=admin \
    -e KC_BOOTSTRAP_ADMIN_PASSWORD=admin \
    -e KC_HTTP_ENABLED=true \
    -e KC_HOSTNAME_STRICT=false \
    -e KC_HOSTNAME_STRICT_HTTPS=false \
    quay.io/keycloak/keycloak:26.3.4 \
    start-dev
  ```

- Open http://localhost:8080 in your browser to access keycloak UI and login with the username admin and password as admin.

## Creating a client

1. Click on `Clients` menu option and click `Create`.
2. Set the client name as `nebraska` and click `Save`.
3. Change the `Access Type` to `public` (for SPA/public client).
4. Ensure `Direct Access Grants Enabled` is OFF (not needed for PKCE flow).
5. Ensure `Standard Flow Enabled` is ON (for Authorization Code Flow).
6. Set `Valid Redirect URIs` to `http://localhost:8000/auth/callback`.
7. Set `Valid post logout redirect URIs` to `http://localhost:8000/`.
8. Set `Web Origins` to `http://localhost:8000` (use `+` to allow all Valid Redirect URIs origins for CORS).

{{< presentation "keycloak-create-client" >}}

## Creating Roles

### Member Role

> 1. Click on `Roles` menu option and select `Create Role`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In "nebraska" client details screen, find "Roles" tab and click "Create role"
```

2. Provide a name for the member role, here we will use `nebraska_member`.
3. Click `Save`.

### Admin Role

> 1. Click on `Roles` menu option and select `Create Role`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In "nebraska" client details screen, find "Roles" tab and click "Create role"
```

2. Provide a name for the admin role, here we will use `nebraska_admin`.
3. Click `Save`.

> 4. After the admin role is created enable composion: Go to associated roles, and add `nebraska_member`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. After the admin role is created, enable composition: Go to "Associated roles" tab, click "Assign role", select "Client roles" and add `nebraska_member`.
```

Now the member and admin roles are created, the admin role is a composite role which comprises of member role.

{{< presentation "keycloak-create-roles" >}}

## Adding roles scope to token

> 1. Click on `Client Scopes > nebraska-dedicated`.

Reviewer: In "nebraska" client details screen, find "Client scopes" tab and select "nebraska-dedicated" scope.

2. Click on `Configure a new mapper`
3. Click on `User Client Role`

> 4. Set the name as `roles`, Select the `Mapper Type` as `User Client Role`, `Token Claim Name` as `roles` and Select `Claim JSON Type` as String.

Reviewer: Mapper type is already set:

```suggestion
4. Set the name as `roles`, set `Token Claim Name` as `roles` and Select `Claim JSON Type` as String.
```

5. Click `Save`

{{< presentation "keycloak-scope-token" >}}

## Attaching Roles to User

1. Click on `Users` menu option and click `admin`.

> 2. Go to `Role Mapping` tab and select `nebraska_admin` role and click on assign. If you want to provide only member access access select the member role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Go to `Role Mapping` tab, click "Assign role", select "Client role" and pick both `nebraska_admin` and `nebraska_member` roles and click on "Assign". If you want to provide only member access, select the `nebraska_member" role only.
```
